		Deyanira Katrece					file DK1T.xls			Katrece Talk		
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	DK1A11	Please mortal! Spare me! Do not look upon my misery. Never before has a Daedra pleaded with a mortal, but I beg of you to turn from the sight of my wretchedness. 	DK1A1A	TRUE			Oh. Well. Sorry. Excuse me.	END				
			DK1A1B	TRUE			But you're SO wrong. Plenty of Daedra have pleaded with me. TO SPARE THEIR LIVES! Hah-hah-hah! Goodbye!	END				
			DK1A1C	TRUE			I'm here to free you and save the Shade Perilous from the invaders.	DK1A21				
			DK1A1D	TRUE			Can you help me leave this realm?	DK1A21				
			DK1A1E	&JacielName			I'm looking for Jaciel Morgen.	DK1A21				
	DK1A21	Jaciel. Jaciel. Her memory haunts me. She is gone to me. I cannot feel the traces of her in my mind. No fragment of her lingers.	DK1A2A	TRUE			Actually, I think she's all right. At least, a Dremora said that if I could free her, she'd help me escape.	DK1A31		&JacielName		
	DK1A31	Oh Jaciel! Forgive me! It was my foolish pride that cost my mistress her realm. In my vanity I pleaded their case with her. The Seducers are Lordless warriors, and might shift allegiance at will. I thought they might remain loyal to Jaciel, once they knew her honest and honorable nature. But the Seducers were in turn seduced. Dagon rules them now. Though, to my everlasting shame, I fear some Seducers went to him -- willingly. These Seducers Dagon has remade in the image of his own greed and treachery. All this horror is my fault, and I must atone for it.	DK1A3A	TRUE			Excellent idea. For a start, you can atone by helping me out. Where is Jaciel?	DK1A41				
	DK1A41	My Mistress has hidden herself behind the Night Portal and driven her spirit into the Dreamsleeve. When Nocturnal mana flows, the Night Portal opens easily, as do the portals to other realms. But Dagon's troops have stoppered the flow of Nocturnal magica, sealing the Night Portal and all portals from Shade Perilous.	DK1A4A	TRUE			How do I get the magica flowing again?	DK1A51				
	DK1A51	The Magica Tourbillions must turn again. But they will not budge until the Wheels of Heaven read the great code.	DK1A5A	TRUE			What's the code?	DK1A61				
	DK1A61	I know not. It is in my Mistresses Book of the Wheels of Heaven. I know not how the codes work. But my Mistress knows. I have heard her speak of the book, the stools, and the tourbillions that make all magica flow. 	DK1A6A	TRUE			… stools?	DK1A71				
	DK1A71	I'm sorry, but my Mistress has not shared with me the mysteries of the arcane. Seek ye the Book of the Wheels of Heaven, for it contains the sacred codes. Perhaps the riddle of the stools is also recorded there. The Night Portal is locked by four secret levers. And then, when the Night Portal opens, you will find my Lady bound within the Dreamsleeve. This is an enchantment beyond my understanding, but she has told me the secret of its unraveling. Speak in the name of the Nocturnals to shake the spell's bindings.	DK1A7A	TRUE			I will seek out your Mistress and free her, ON THE CONDITION that you promise to help me persuade her to help me escape this place.	DK1A91		&Nocturnal		
			DK1A7B	TRUE			Okay. I'm looking for the Book of the Wheels of Heaven for the sacred codes, and for some stools, and some tour-something-or-others, and a Night Portal, which is locked by four secret levers, and then I have to wake your Mistress from this Dream-whatsis. Sweet Mara's Milk, I have got such a headache. You wouldn't happen to know where the secret levers are, would you?	DK1A81		&Nocturnal		
	DK1A81	Tour-BILLIONS, manling, and you will wake my Mistress from the Dreamsleeve enchantment by speaking in the name of the Nocturnals. Yes. And the four secret levers are known to me only by word, and not by deed. I recall my Mistress saying, however, that one is near a podium, another underwater in a hidden grotto, the third beneath a table, and the last in a storage room.  I wish you good luck, and good speed.	DK1A8A	TRUE			Thanks. Don't worry. I'll get your Mistress free. I'll be back. Sooner. Or later.	END		&QuestStart		
	DK1A91	You have my word, and my word is my bond.	DK1A9A	TRUE			Good. Then I'll be off.	END		&QuestStart		
	DK1A01	How goes your quest?	DK1A0A	TRUE			Fine, just fine. Look. Would you remind repeating the business about -- well -- about everything?	DK1A41				
			DK1A0B	TRUE			Just great. Just checking up to see how you are. All right? Good then, I'm off.	END				
			DK1A0C	&JacielAwake			Mission accomplished.	DK1B11				
	DK1B11	You return, and with you hope returns.	DK1B1A	TRUE			I have spoken with your Mistress, but she's not been very encouraging.	DK1B21				
	DK1B21	I can feel my Mistress again. But I sense she has  become dispirited by her deep loss. It is very much in the nature of Nocturnals to pine and mourn, even beyond the purpose of such grief. They nurse their misery in their bosom until their sorrow takes on a life of its very own. Until weeping is all there is. Until all the seas of tears run dry.	DK1B2A	TRUE			I'm sorry, but she MUST be awakened, or I'm doomed, and my friend is doomed, and who knows what else is doomed -- including you and Shade Perilous. What can be done?	DK1B31				
	DK1B31	Only the greatest of shocks can do that. A loss greater than the shame of the pillage of the Shade Perilous.	DK1B3A	TRUE			Well, what else does she care about?	DK1B41				
	DK1B41	I know her better than any, and I do not know any such thing.	DK1B4A	TRUE			Perhaps -- she does care about you, yes?	DK1B51				
	DK1B51	I told you. I know not.	DK1B5A	TRUE			Your Mistress MUST hold your welfare high above lesser cares.	DK1B61				
	DK1B61	Perhaps you are right. But nothing short of casting myself into Oblivion could shock her from the refuge of her bittersweet melancholia. 	DK1B6A	TRUE			Well, then, that's settled. You must cast yourself into Oblivion. What can I do to help?	DK1B81				
			DK1B6B	TRUE			Hmm. Is there anything less -- drastic you could try?	DK1B71				
	DK1B71	No. You are keen-sighted, mortal. I MUST leap into the darkness for her. Seek my Mistress. Tell her that should she not return to rule her realm, I will have no safe return from Oblivion, and remind her of her oaths and obligations. So honorable a Mistress would never be foresworn of her vows.	DK1B7A	TRUE			Can I help?	DK1B81				
	DK1B81	I implore you. You must do the deed. Take this Soul Dagger. If you strike true, you shall loosen my spirit, and darkness will swallow me. Into the Dagger I shall pour my hope and longings, which you must bear as a token to my Mistress, that she will know what I have done for her.	DK1B8A	TRUE			I am sorry for this, but I praise you for your courage and loyalty. May I be so faithful to my oaths and obligations when the time comes. Here. Give me the Dagger, and show me where to strike.	DK1B01				
			DK1B8B	TRUE			Are you sure about this?	DK1B91				
			DK1B8C	TRUE			Let's not be too hasty. Wait here, and if I find no alternative, I shall return.	END		&PCReturn		
	DK1B91	I can. I must. The realm must endure. And for the realm to endure I must make this sacrifice. I thank you for your care, but you do me a kindness. Raise this Dagger up against me and smite me with all thy arm and heart. Linger not. I do not fear, for I sense honor in your heart. And perhaps a touch of love.	DK1B9A	TRUE			I am heartily sorry for this.	DK1B01	Put 0_4012			
	DK1B01	Raise this Dagger up against me and smite me with all thy arm and heart. Linger not. I do not fear, for I sense honor in your heart. And perhaps a touch of love.	DK1B0A	TRUE			I strike, and bless you. Farewell, and fair return, most fair of the Daedra.	END	Teleport_0	&SoulDagger		
			DK1B0B	TRUE			I cannot. Forgive me. Let me think.	END		&PCReturn		
