		Dremora Oathkin					file DR3T.xls			Dremora L2.2 TALK		
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	DR3A11	No more tricks, Master Kaid. Cute, but tiresome.	DR3A1A	TRUE			Don't get huffy. It's not my fault if you've been played for fools. Now. Do you want to listen? If you'd rather have extreme violence, that's fine, too.	DR3A81				
	DR3A12	Kaid. We know who you are, so spare us the cunning conceits.	DR3A1B	TRUE			I'm not Kaid. If you insist on that line, we're not going to get anywhere.	DR3A61				
	DR3A13	You are bold to present yourself thus, Kaid. I presume you have something you'd like to say?	DR3A1C	TRUE			This is not about Josian Kaid. This is about you, my friend. You can go away, or I can send you away. Far away, into silent darkness, enduring pain, and withering despair.	DR3A71				
	DR3A21	No more tricks, Master Trenelle. Cute, but tiresome.	DR3A2A	TRUE			Don't get huffy. It's not my fault if you've been played for fools. Now. Do you want to listen? If you'd rather have extreme violence, that's fine, too.	DR3A81				
	DR3A22	Trenelle. We know who you are, so spare us the cunning conceits.	DR3A2B	TRUE			I'm not Trenelle. If you insist on that line, we're not going to get anywhere.	DR3A91				
	DR3A23	You are bold to present yourself thus, Trenelle. I presume you have something you'd like to say?	DR3A2C	TRUE			This is not about Vatasha Trenelle. This is about you, my friend. You can go away, or I can send you away. Far away, into silent darkness, enduring pain, and withering despair.	DR3A01				
	DR3A31	Splendid. I have the pleasure to inform you that you are to be captured, not destroyed, and in keeping with this objective, I guarantee you your life, on my sacred oath of honor to the Great Powers, if you drop your weapons and shed your armor, and give yourself into my custody.	DR3A3A	TRUE			That's great news. Okay. Here's my stuff.	END	ENDFRAME_1035			
			DR3A3B	TRUE			Please forgive me, but I must decline your gracious offer. I have a previous commitment which obliges me to refuse your hospitality.	END		&DremoraNice		
	DR3A41	[[It politely but firmly refuses to speak with you.]]										
	DR3A42	[[With a dismissive gesture it declines your offer to parlay.]]										
	DR3A43	[[It does not appear willing to enter into conversation with you.]]										
	DR3A51	You are being difficult. You've only yourself to blame if we are forced to discorporate you permanently.	DR3A5A	TRUE			Don't trouble yourself on my account. And accept my apologies in advance if I should inadvertently cast your spirit into Everlasting Darkness through the intemperate violence of my mighty blows.	END	MONSTERATTACK 	&DremoraMad		
												
	DR3A61	I'm afraid we're not interested in anything you have to say, Kaid. But if you have not yet spoken with Dremora Tanchelm, do so, please. That is all I have to say.	DR3A6A	TRUE			I have heard you. 	END	MonsterWander_120	&DremoraNice		
	DR3A61	To me it is no matter if you are the Emperor of Illimitable Splendor. Your presence is requested in the library. That said, I have followed my orders, and may return to the sport of chastising you.	DR3A6A	TRUE			Well. I hope I am proving a diverting challenge for you.	END	MONSTERATTACK 	&DremoraMad		
	DR3A71	Nice speech, kid. But let me give you a hint. If Clan Dremora has a fault, it is the fault of pride. Perhaps threats may daunt other daedric clans, but they only inspire Dremora to greater risks and dares.	DR3A7A	TRUE			Thank you. Then perhaps we should prefer the more proper challenge? Your health, or mine, my lord?	END	MONSTERATTACK 	&DremoraMad		
	DR3A81	I'm afraid we're not interested in anything you have to say, Trenelle. But if you have not yet spoken with Dremora Tanchelm, do so, please. That is all I have to say.	DR3A8A	TRUE			I have heard you. 	END	MonsterWander_120	&DremoraNice		
	DR3A91	To me it is no matter if you are the Emperor of Illimitable Splendor. Your presence is requested in the library. That said, I have followed my orders, and may return to the sport of chastising you.	DR3A9A	TRUE			Well. I hope I am proving a diverting challenge for you.	END	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraMad		
	DR3A01	Nice speech, kid. But let me give you a hint. If Clan Dremora has a fault, it is the fault of pride. Perhaps threats may daunt other daedric clans, but they only inspire Dremora to greater risks and dares.	DR3A0A	TRUE			Thank you. Then perhaps we should prefer the more proper challenge? "Your health, or mine, my lord?"	END	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraMad		
