		Dremora Oathkin					file Dr4T.xls			DremoraTALK		
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	DR4A11	You wish to stop our battle? We Dremora are not appeased by submission. We have no need of mortal captives.	DR4A1A	TRUE			I'm not surrendering! I'm trying to talk to you!	DR4A21				
			DR4A1B	TRUE			I was planning to accept YOUR  surrender, you arrogant imbecile!	END	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraMad		
	DR4A21	That is intriguing. What does a mere mortal have to say to a Dremora?	DR4A2A	TRUE			I've had a chat or two with some of your oathbrothers, and I get the distinct impression that, despite your threats and assaults, you plan to preserve my skin for some schemes of your own.	DR4A41				
			DR4A2B	PCMale			I want to know where my friend Vatasha is.	DR4A31				
			DR4A2C	PCFemale			I want to know where my friend Josiah is.	DR4A31				
			DR4A2D	TRUE			THIS mere mortal says welcome to hell! Take the long dark ride, immortal scum!	END	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraMad		
			DR4A2E	TRUE			This mere mortal hasn't such a bad won-lost record in his recent contests with the immortals.	DR4A41				
	DR4A31	Well, we don't all get what we want, do we? Perhaps I know something. But nothing I'm willing to share with you. At present. Now. Is there something else on your mind?	DR4A3A	TRUE			I'm more interested in what's on your mind. Because I can't match my actions to your interests without a clearer idea of what you're trying to do.	DR4A41				
	DR4A41	Hmmm. You are clever, for a mortal. And you have backbone. Perhaps we can make use of you.	DR4A4A	TRUE			I'm fed up with these pokes at my mere mortal nature. Let's see how an immortal with a careless tongue proves his honor in the court of war.	END	MONSTERATTACK			
			DR4A4B	TRUE			Oh, yes, sir, indeed. Most pleased I am to be your tool. Your willing servant. Lap dog. You don't have lap dogs, do you? Well, you know what I'm saying here. Say the word, and I'm your faithful little manling.	DR4A51	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraSpeak		
			DR4A4C	TRUE			Only if I can make use of you too.	DR4A61				
	DR4A51	You must not be the one we seek. Such a one would never sully his pride by such base groveling. 	DR4A5A	TRUE			Nuts. Guess I laid it on a bit too thick, eh? Well, better luck next time. Goodbye.	END	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraSpeak		
	DR4A61	Hah hah! But of course! Let us both use one another, and see who gets the greater use of the other!	DR4A6A	TRUE			Good plan. So. Tell me how to free my friend!	DR4A71				
	DR4A71	To do that one would travel beyond the gates of this land, thru the Chimera of Desolation, thru the Havok Wellhead, and finally to Dagon's personal pleasure palace.	DR4A7A	TRUE			How do I do that?	DR4A81				
	DR4A81	Only Jaciel Morgen, the immortal Nocturnal Lieutenant, can send you through the great locks that separate this realm from the next. But she has somehow hidden herself within the Shade Perilous. The great Daedra Lord, Mehrunes Dagon, was persuaded that this realm would be an essential waystation toward the conquest of Battlespire, and sanctioned our passage. But he did not sanction the overthrow and occupation of this realm.	DR4A8A	TRUE			Get to the point, please.	DR4A91		&JacielName		
	DR4A91	Understand. Dagon's Oathkin and Proteges, Faydra Shardai and Xivilai Moath, crushed this realm where they should have simply obtained passage by negotiation, or with limited force. These spawn of Dagon became --  overzealous in carrying out Dagon's orders. The dark temptations of this Nocturnal land proved far too appealing to them, and they overthrew the Shade Perilous while their Oathfather was occupied with weightier matters.	DR4A9A	TRUE			Okay. So you think Dagon will be none too pleased by what has happened here? And you Dremora are trying to distance yourself from Faydra Shardai and Xivilai Moath and their retainers, just in case the wrath of Dagon might fall upon them.	DR4A01		&FaydraName AND &XivilaiName		
	DR4A01	Yes. Faydra unleashed her Fire Daedra and Xivilai's unchained his Frost Daedra, granting them free rein to lay waste to this precious corner of the Nocturnal realm. They relished the chance to revenge themselves on their ancient enemies, the Nocturnals.	DR4A0A	TRUE			Well, you can't embark on a campaign of conquest without ruffling a few feathers.	DR4B11				
	DR4B11	Quite true, but they have gone too far, and must be chastened. Now that Battlespire is ours, we no longer need to hold this land. But many Daedra minions of Faydra and Xivilai decided that this land was now their domain, and remained here instead of continuing to the next step on the invasion route. They must be expunged and good order restored --  in order to redress the balance.	DR4B1A	TRUE			What order and balance would that be?	DR4B21				
	DR4B21	The order to be restored is the order of the Nocturnals. As for the balance… well, that is more wisdom than you require.	DR4B2A	TRUE			How do I go about expunging all these miscreant Daedra? 	DR4B31				
	DR4B31	Invoke the names of their lords, and they will grow docile and circumspect. Exploit their divisions and they will fall like barley before the scythe.	DR4B3A	TRUE			How will that get me to my friend? 	DR4B41				
	DR4B41	One who would free your friend must gain the secret of passage from Shade Perilous to the Chimera of Desolation through the fugitive, the Nocturnal Lieutenant, Jaciel Morgen. But I have said too much. No one must know of our discussion. I will deny all knowledge of our colloquy. Now be off. Count yourself luckiest among all mortals that we have deemed you useful to our purpose. For had our goals not come into alignment, the last wisps of steam would now be rising from your lacerated lungs. 	DR4B4A	TRUE			I will never forget -- never -- the respect you have shown me and the candor with which you have shared your aims and means. I promise you that I will return the favor in time. Goodbye.	END		&DremoraDone		
			DR4B4B	TRUE			Thank you ever so much for the information, But excuse me if I take offense at your boorish threats, and insist on proving my honor upon your body with cold steel and hot sorcery. On guard!	END	MONSTERATTACK			
			DR4B4C	TRUE			I thank your lordship for such kindness. But tell me, who do you serve? Who is the prime mover behind your schemes? Surely not Lord Dagon himself?	DR4B51				
	DR4B51	That is not for you to know. All you need know is that I and my fellow Dremora serve the Exalted and Most Puissant Lord, Gerent of Dagon, Mehrunes. 	DR4B5A	TRUE			Yes. Well. That's all, then. Goodbye.	END		&DremoraDone		
	DR4B61	[[The bold Dremora is silent and menacing.]]								&DremoraSpeak		
	DR4B71	[[The Dremora eyes you significantly, but pointedly  avoids acknowledging your presence.]]										
	DR4B81	If you have something worthwhile to say, say it quickly.	DR4B8A	TRUE			I suspect it is YOU who has something to say, and I'm eager to listen.	DR4A21				
			DR4B8B	TRUE			Nope. Nothing to say, Really. Just Teasing you. Hah-hah. Isn't this fun? Bye.	END	MONSTERATTACK	&DremoraMad		
