		Dark Seducer					file DS3T.xls					
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	DS3A11	I believe my lord and lover may have underestimated you, mortal. It is not a mistake I will make. But I must admit to a certain tingling of curiosity in anticipation of your actions, and your fate. And so I propose the following conditions. Do not offend against me, and I will not offend against you. Offend me, and expect no mercy. Do you agree?	DS3A1A	TRUE			Indeed, I do agree, my lady, and in turn offer you the same conditions.	DS3A21				
			DS3A1B	TRUE			And what would constitute an offense against you, my lady?	DS3A31				
			DS3A1C				At the risk of seeming boorish, I will not consider conditions of any kind from you or your kind. We are enemies. Arm and protect yourself, for only by arms may we resolve the conflicts between us. Goodbye.	END		&DarkMad		
	DS3A21	Graciously done, sir. And so, with your permission, I shall return to my reflections upon the abyss. I ask you please to forbear disturbing my meditations with further speech. Good day.	DS3A2A	TRUE			I will honor your wishes, especially to avoid giving offense. Good day.	END	Command 13	&DarkThink		
			DS3A2B				Certainly I would only disturb you if it were absolutely necessary, my lady. Good day.	END	Command 13	&DarkThink		
			DS3A2C				If I need to speak with you, my lady, I will, even at the risk of giving offense. Good day.	END	Command 13	&DarkEnemy		
	DS3A31	An offense against my person, pride, or honor, mortal.	DS3A3A	TRUE			And, if I were to threaten your lord, I suppose that would constitute an offense against your honor, supposing also that you are oathsworn to Lord Dagon?	DS3A41				
	DS3A41	Yes. Indeed. You comprehend me completely.	DS3A4A	TRUE			Then I fear I am bound to offend you, my lady. I bid you good day.	END		&DarkEnemy		
			DS3A4B	TRUE			A difficult matter, my lady. You see, I desire something from your lord that he may not wish to grant me. I desire my safety, and the safety of my friend, and our return to Tamriel.	DS3A51				
	DS3A51	I know my lord's mind. I believe he might be content to spare your life and the life of your companion, on the condition that you both bind yourselves to him by solemn oaths. The harm you have done him grieves him, but not so greatly as to blind him to your value as a faithful servant. On the other hand, I am sure he would in no way consider your return to Tamriel.	DS3A5A	TRUE			I cannot consider service to Lord Dagon, and would not consider forsaking my native land. I thank you for your words, but I doubt that our affairs can be settled except a contest of arms. Good day.	END		&DarkEnemy		
			DS3A5b	TRUE			So, if my companion and I were to swear oaths to Dagon's service, our lives would be spared?	DS3A61				
	DS3A61	Yes. I am confident that my lord would gladly grant you your lives, and further, if you serve him well, your rewards might be great.	DS3A6A	TRUE			And what guarantee would we have that Lord Dagon would honor his oath, and preserve our lives?	DS3A71				
	DS3A71	None whatsoever. Humble creatures like you have no power to bind great lords to their oaths. But consider: great lords become great lords by attracting to themselves retainers of the highest quality. You and your companion have proven yourselves worthy. 	DS3A7A	TRUE			So we have no guarantees at all. We must simply trust to the generosity, and wise judgement, of Lord Dagon.	DS3A81		&ServeDagon		
	DS3A81	If you were to deal in good faith, then it would only be in my lord's best interests to preserve you, and even encourage you with gifts and status if such were your just desserts. I have recognized your merits, and I have my lord's ear. My recommendations would carry great weight with him.	DS3A8A	TRUE			You have given me much to consider. Thank you, and goodbye.	END		&DarkThink		
	DS3A91	[[She wrinkles her nose disdainfully and ignores you.]]	DS3A9A	TRUE				END				
	DS3A01	[[She stares at you with ill-disguised contempt and ignores your entreaties.]]	DS3A0A	TRUE				END				
	DS3B11	[[She appears to be lost in deep concentration, and does not respond.]]	DS3B1A	TRUE				END				
