		Imago Storm					file IM1T.xls			Imago L6 TALK			
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3	
	IM1A11	Thank you for coming. I regret the disturbance you've caused, though, in your place, I might have thought it excusable.	IM1A1A	TRUE			Disturbance? If that is not simply polite understatement, I shudder to consider the normal state of affairs here.	IM1A31					
			IM1A1B	TRUE			I beg your indulgence. I was hard-pressed, and was forced to resort to violence more often than suits a gentle-souled person like myself.	IM1A31					
			IM1A1C	TRUE			I need excuse myself to no one. I am here under duress. And I hope very much to make you regret the disturbances you've caused in the lives of the battlemages of Battlespire.	IM1A21					
			IM1A1D	TRUE			Skip the niceties. I don't like you, and you don't like me. With that understood, let's get down to business.	IM1A21					
	IM1A21	It may be hard for you to comprehend, but the forms, if not the substance, of civility are very important to me. They are clear signs that both parties understand and appreciate the need for accommodation and compromise. If these forms of civility are not to your liking, then perhaps this meeting is a mistake. I will give you time to consider your manners, and the acknowledgement of common interests that a display of good manners implies.	IM1A2A	TRUE			Don't get your knickers in a twist. I just thought we could skip the formalities and go straight to the deal.	END		&ImagoMad			
			IM1A2B	TRUE			Hmm. I'm not a noble. I don't have fine manners. I just want to talk.	END		&ImagoMad			
	IM1A31	I daresay that by mortal standards all this must seem an unsettled existence. Well, you are not here for an extended stay. I have a proposal to make, but before I do, are there any questions you'd like to ask?	IM1A3A	TRUE			What's your stake in this? Are you angling to supplant your boss?	IM1A51					
			IM1A3B	TRUE			I am bewildered by the subtleties of daedric clan politics. Can you sort out for me the players in this little drama?	IM1A61					
			IM1A3C	TRUE			Lord Dagon and his clan want to add Battlespire to their dominions, yes? If so, why are you, his chief lieutenant, and your followers, working behind the scenes to confound this ambition?	IM1A71					
			IM1A3D	TRUE			I can't understand why any of the Daedric clans have anything to do with mortals. Why would even the least of Daedra answer a mortal sorcerer's summons? And what on Tamriel could possibly interest any of the Immortal Powers?	IM1A81					
			IM1A3E	TRUE			I'll satisfy my curiosity at my leisure. At present, I'm rather in a hurry, and would hear your proposal directly.	IM1A91					
	IM1A41	Certainly. What else do you wish to know?	IM1A4A	TRUE			What's your stake in this? Are you angling to supplant your boss?	IM1A51					
			IM1A4B	TRUE			I am bewildered by the subtleties of daedric clan politics. Can you sort out for me the players in this little drama?	IM1A61					
			IM1A4C	TRUE			Lord Dagon and his clan wants to add Battlespire to their dominions, yes? If so, why are you, his chief lieutenant, and your followers, working behind the scenes to confound this ambition?	IM1A71					
			IM1A4D	TRUE			I can't understand why any of the Daedric clans have anything to do with mortals. Why would even the least of Daedra answer a mortal sorcerer's summons? And what on Tamriel could possibly interest any of the Immortal Powers?	IM1A81				
			IM1A4E	TRUE			I'll satisfy my curiosity at my leisure. At present, I'm rather in a hurry, and would hear your proposal directly.	IM1A91				
	IM1A51	You think I am ambitious. My interest is purely in the welfare of the clan. Dagon's tolerance of the antics of Xivilai and Faydra, and his acceptance of the clanless Seducers into the inner counsels of our clan, are an unfortunate divergence from Dagon's otherwise prudent policies. It would be better if my Lord, and his most wayward lieutenants, were to take a short vacation while I restore Clan Dagon to its normal stability. Is that clear?	IM1A5A	TRUE			I see. Thank you. But can we talk of something else?	IM1A41				
			IM1A5B	TRUE			I'll satisfy my curiosity at my leisure. At present, I'm rather in a hurry, and would hear your proposal directly.	IM1A91				
	IM1A61	Faydra's clan represents the vital, but impulsive and undisciplined element of the destructive principle. Xivilai's clan represents the ambitious, but occasionally overreaching and imprudent side of Destruction. I, and my Vassal Lords, and the Dremora clan, represent the principle of Destruction as Evolution, aspiring to arts and powers of ever-increasing potency and aesthetic refinement. The Seducers are Masterless Daedra, cast adrift by the failed fortunes of their Lords, and recently accepted, much against my counsel, into Lord Dagon's service. Is that clear?	IM1A6A	TRUE			I see. Thank you. But can we talk of something else?	IM1A41				
			IM1A6B	TRUE			I'll satisfy my curiosity at my leisure. At present, I'm rather in a hurry, and would hear your proposal directly.	IM1A91				
	IM1A71	In taking Battlespire, our clan has overreached its resources and judgements. A time of change is coming -- it is written in the firmament -- and it is time to make fast and conserve our realm, not to extend our grasp. Battlespire is a rich resource, and will be coveted by the other clans. We do not need such distractions, especially as the Storms of Change come upon us. Is that clear?	IM1A7A	TRUE			I see. Thank you. But can we talk of something else?	IM1A41				
			IM1A7B	TRUE			I'll satisfy my curiosity at my leisure. At present, I'm rather in a hurry, and would hear your proposal directly.	IM1A91				
	IM1A81	Mortals are short-lived, ignorant, and feeble by contrast with the daedra. But you mortals are also potent engines of change and innovation, of desperate and reckless improvisation and industry. Thus do we so prize the fruits of your mundane and arcane engineering. Thus do we bargain and plunder and steal to gain these treasures. We have lived too long, and grow dull and complacent. You live too short, and so are wonderfully sharp and inventive. Does that make sense?	IM1A8A	TRUE			I see. Thank you. But can we talk of something else?	IM1A41				
			IM1A8B	TRUE			I'll satisfy my curiosity at my leisure. At present, I'm rather in a hurry, and would hear your proposal directly.	IM1A91				
	IM1A91	Here's my proposal. I will give you the neonymics of Faydra, Xivilai -- and Lord Dagon. Do you know what a neonymic is, and what it signifies?	IM1A9A	TRUE			Heh, heh. I know a little about such things. The neonymic gives me the power to banish a daedric creature into Oblivion.	IM1A01				
	IM1A01	You are correct in general. Actually, the incantation of the neonymic drains the vital force from an immortal, forcing him to follow that force into Oblivion. There one abides until the vital force is replenished. The experience is somewhat analogous to sleep for mortals. However, sleep is a normal experience for mortals. It is NOT a normal experience for an immortal. Suffice it to say that it is as close to the terror and despair of death as an immortal can come.	IM1A0A	TRUE			So. You will give me the neonymics. And then?	IM1B11				
	IM1B11	You will use those neonymics to cast them into Oblivion for the present. For reward, you shall have your life, and the life of your companion. When Dagon is cast into the Void, you may take his Amulet of Entry, pass into the Ward Sigil that hangs in his sanctuary, and thus be teleported  back to Battlespire, where you may pass through his Sigil there and return to Tamriel. Does that satisfy you?	IM1B1A	TRUE			Very much. Too much to be true. But I know that I will not get a better offer from anyone else, and I also know I am too ignorant of Daedric politics to be a significant player without your help. So we have an agreement.	IM1B41				
			IM1B1B	TRUE			I am overwhelmed. I must have time to think. I will return when I have considered your offer. I'm afraid you may have to explain everything all over again.	IM1B21				
	IM1B21	I understand. And I hope you understand that I cannot expect infinite forbearance of a mortal trespasser from my retainers. Please forgive me if they cause you any inconvenience.	IM1B2A	TRUE			Can't you keep them off my back for a bit?	IM1B31				
			IM1B2B	TRUE			I understand. Thank you, and goodbye for now.	END		&ImagoMad		
	IM1B31	I am sorry. That is not possible.	IM1B3A	TRUE			Oh, well. Can't be helped. Goodbye for now.	END		&ImagoMad		
			IM1B3B	TRUE			Well, in that case, I'm afraid I must gratefully accept your offer.	IM1B41				
	IM1B41	Dagon’s incantory neonymic is Djehkeleho-dehbe-effehezepeh . Xivilai’s neonymic: Wegerohseh-chehkohieu. Faydra’s Neonymic: Nepehkweh-kodo. I will give a document bearing the appropriate neonymic, the Daedric characters, the transliteration into Tamrielic, and a phonetic transcription to help you pronounce the phrases effectively.	IM1B4A	TRUE			You think of everything. Which is quite terrifying.	IM1B51	PUT 21_040	&Neonymic		
	IM1B51	You have to trust me. You have no choice. I appreciate that. It must be very unpleasant. And now here is one of the three keys to the gate. When all three keys are placed in the gate lantern in the center of the chamber, this gate will carry you to Lord Dagon's Hunting Lodge, where your friend is held. And the other two keys are held by Faydra Shardai and Xivilai Moath, so I know your path must cross theirs.	IM1B5A	TRUE			Thank you. An old man told me that I am a tool in the hands of the Gods. I thought it funny, and cruel, at the time, but, as you suggest, the path the Gods have painted is unmistakable.	IM1B61	PUT 35_10000			
	IM1B61	They are your Gods, mortal, and none of my affair. There is no reason for us to speak further. It has been a pleasure to meet you. Perhaps we shall meet again some day. Farewell, and good fortune, mortal.	IM1B6A	TRUE			Farewell.	END	Teleport_0			
	IM1B71	Yes?	IM1B7A	TRUE			Excuse me. I am resolved to consider your proposals. There are a few things I don't understand.	IM1A41				
			IM1B7B	TRUE			Excuse me. I am not yet reconciled to your proposal. I'm still puzzled by your motivations. Can you help me?	IM1A41				
