		Jaciel Morgen					file JM1T.xls			Jaciel Morgen Talk		
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	JM1A11	(Her eyes are open, but they do not focus. Her breathing is low and regular.)	JM1A1A	TRUE			HEY! Hello! Excuse me. Help. Fire. Famine. Pestilence. Nightmare. We have a situation here.	JM1A21				
			JM1A1B	&JacielName			Jaciel. I have a message from Deyanira. Can you hear me?	JM1A21				
			JM1A1C	&Nocturnal			Jaciel. In the name of the Nocturnals, Deyanira bids me awake you from your enchantment.	JM1A31		&JacielAwake		
	JM1A21	(She does not respond in any way.)	JM1A2A	TRUE			Great. Sleep tight.	END				
	JM1A31	Awake. Awake. Awake. From sleep to despair -- And who are you?	JM1A3A	TRUE			Er, hello. Pardon me if I guard my name, my Lady. 	JM1A41				
			JM1A3B	TRUE			Are you the Nocturnal Lieutenant Jaciel Morgen?	JM1A41				
	JM1A41	I rise though sorrow. I sink with hope. The night binds me in tiny steps.	JM1A4A	TRUE			Indeed. I see. Well. You ARE Jaciel Morgen, right?	JM1A51				
	JM1A51	I murmur cold memories like the nibbling of rats on tiny toes in sleep. 	JM1A5A				Unpleasant dreams, eh? Sorry.	JM1A61				
			JM1A5B	TRUE			Can I read that as a yes, or a no?	JM1A61				
	JM1A61	I fade into the smallest part of my soul, a wisp of a whisper. 	JM1A6A	TRUE			That's very nice. I'm here to free you!	JM1A71				
			JM1A6B	TRUE			Are you the one that can send me out of this land? 	JM1A71				
			JM1A6C	TRUE			Snap out of it! You've been released from your enchantment, and we have some serious business to attend to.	JM1A71				
	JM1A71	The shackles that bind me are far stronger than any mere magics. I shall remain here, alone. Let the Nocturnals come and find me stricken here. They will punish me, but they will punish the Dagon far more. There will be war in the heavens. The sky will crack, and the earth will split in two. All mortal things must perish in this howling storm of fire and night.	JM1A7A	TRUE			Ah, that sounds like it would be bad.	JM1A81				
	JM1A81	It will be glorious.	JM1A8A	TRUE			I think I'd rather stop that little war before it begins.	JM1A91				
			JM1A8B	TRUE			Look, I just want to get my friend and get out of here. 	JM1A91				
	JM1A91	Catch your tears in a sieve of gold, mortal. It's too late for weeping. I have no tears left, and no pity for the tears of mortals. 	JM1A9A	TRUE			We can still stop them! It's not over yet! Think of Deyanira! 	JM1A01				
	JM1A01	Ah. Deyanira. Her longing will not cease even in the face of overwhelming loss. How like a mortal she is. I could --  but no. The thought of her tears is almost enough to shake this mantle of anguish from my shoulders. Almost. But not enough. No, The only joy left to me now is the thought that the Nocturnals will scourge the Dagon until the magica drips in rivulets from his hollow eye sockets -- twins to the tears I cannot cry.  Farewell.	JM1A0A	TRUE			Look, you can't get rid of me that easily --	JM1B11				
			JM1A0B	TRUE			Even if you don't want to help yourself, at least help me get out of here! 	JM1B11				
	JM1B11	Farewell, selfish mortal. 	JM1B1A	TRUE			But surely this is pretty excessive. I mean, you ARE  a big-time Daedra Lady. Where's your pride? You're going to let those muttonheads push you around --	JM1B21				
			JM1B1B	TRUE			Look. Things are going south here in a big way, Lady, in case you hadn't noticed. This place is crawling with fire and frost thugs making themselves cozy in YOUR home. Are you just going to sit back and --	JM1B21				
			JM1B1C	TRUE			All I need from you, Lady, is a passage out of here. I promise I'll treat Dagon and his things to a little sky-cracking and earth-splitting myself, if you'll just let me --	JM1B21				
	JM1B21	Leave me, mortal. Your miseries are not mine.	JM1B2A	TRUE			Oh, this misery is yours, all right. Your faithful friend Deyanira says she will die if you don't return to rule.	JM1B31				
	JM1B31	She will not die. Immortals cannot die. Now be off, mortal. 	JM1B3A	TRUE			Right, right. So she can't die. But she IS very worried about you.	JM1B41				
			JM1B3B	TRUE			You're not any better than the rest of the daedra -- just as spoiled, self-centered, and self-indulgent. Like a little baby. You know what a baby is? A puling helpless little manling.	JM1B41				
			JM1B3C	TRUE			OK. I'll go. But you are making a big mistake. (Shucks. Better go back and have a chat with Deyanira. Maybe SHE can talk some sense into this stubborn sourpuss.)	END				
			JM1B3D	TRUE			Look. Don't make me do something rash. I may not look like much, but I've been beating daedra like drums. I'm getting desperate, and desperate mortals are full of ugly surprises.	JM1B41				
	JM1B41	Leave me to my sweet melancholia.	JM1B4A	TRUE			Fine. I have better things to do. But don't think you've heard the last of me. (That was not a big success. Maybe Deyanira will have a bright idea.)	END		&JacielScram		
	JM1B51	I have nothing more to say to you.	JM1B5A	TRUE			That's what you think, you --	JM1B71				
	JM1B61		JM1B5B	&SoulDagger			I don't know exactly how to break this to you, but -- well -- maybe you have better take a look at this dagger. She said -- Deyanira -- that is --	JM1B81				
	JM1B71	Goodbye.	JM1B7A	TRUE			You --	END				
	JM1B81	Aaaaaa! She is gone! GONE! I should tear your beating heart out and force you to eat it in tiny bites, one wriggling, beating bite each century! I should flay the skin from your body and hurl your living carcass into the sea of my salty tears. 	JM1B8A				You and what army of darkness?	END	HealthHalf AND PainSFX 	&JacielMad		
			JM1B8B	TRUE			She did it for you.	JM1B91				
			JM1B8C	TRUE			Found a few tears did you?	JM1B91				
	JM1B91	You, mortal -- no doom so slow, no pain so tearing -- 	JM1B9A	TRUE			Nothing you do will bring her back. She'll be back in her own sweet time, from what I understand about you daedra. And for all that sweet time you can think about how little you cared for her, and how lonely you'll be without her, and how much she was willing to do for you, when you wouldn't do anything but pout and snivel.	JM1B01				
	JM1B01	What you say -- perhaps is true. Too fair. But... You BASTARD! You TRICKED her into this, to serve your own SELFISH ends!	JM1B0A	TRUE			No. It was her idea. I haven't got her kind of vision. Or character. I admit. I'd lie like a rug to save my skin. But I haven't got the imagination to think of a thing like she did. And it would NEVER occur to me that she might do it of her own free will. In fact, I'm sorry. And ashamed. That I helped her to do this thing.	JM1C11				
	JM1C11	Perhaps I can understand. You are a mortal. And mortals see things differently. A mortal must never regret, never feel shame, for what it does to save its life.	JM1C1A	TRUE			Normally I'd agree with you wholeheartedly. But that's not how I feel right now. Look. She isn't really dead, is she?	JM1C21				
	JM1C21	Daedra do not really die. Not as you know death. But we can sacrifice ourselves to oblivion. As she did. Oblivion is existence and self-awareness without the ability to see, hear, or affect the world. For an immortal it is hell -- unspeakable pain and horror -- absolute loss. Eventually we do return. But not all return as they were. There is sickness. Madness. Change. 	JM1C2A	TRUE			I'm sorry. I hope Deyanira will be all right. She certainly has a strong spirit, if that's of any consequence.	JM1C31				
	JM1C31	It is passing strange, but I feel your comfort, mortal. You have so much to lose, you things of flesh, and yet you do not despair. An intriguing mystery. 	JM1C3A	TRUE			Yes. My flesh does have a lot to lose. And another, a close friend, is also in danger. So please help me. How may I leave this place?	JM1C41				
	JM1C41	All other portals are sealed, but there is a back door. To the north you must cross the Rock Sails to a lesser portal, which will bear you to the Hex Room and the Gate. Four anchors bind the magica forces; loose these anchors, and the portal is ready. To the north is a door. Say "djemekweh" to enter. When you reach the final portal, I will have had time to open it to your use. But the Dagon have set a seal upon passage from all destinations but those of their own choosing. You must go where they wish you to go.	JM1C4A	TRUE			Not having a lot of choice is refreshing at times like this. Keeps things simple. And I believe I must go where the Dagon think they want me. I'll just make sure I have plenty of surprises for them when I arrive.	JM1C51				
	JM1C51	Your cunning shines with a brightness that craves requiting. In the brightest light or blackest dark, we are equally blind. It may be that I owe you something. Or owe it to myself, and my pride. But if in the end you must stand before Dagon, call on me. I will use you as a link for travel, and it may be that even my modest powers can be one of your little surprises for him.	JM1C5A	TRUE			Don't think I won't call you. I'm going to need a lot of surprises, and a lot of luck. Goodbye, then, and thanks.	JM1C61				
	JM1C61	Just one look before you go, mortal. Abide with me a moment. 	JM1C6A	TRUE			Well, excuse me, but I really should be going. And stop staring at me like that. You're making me nervous. Goodbye, and good luck.	END	Teleport_0	&JacielFree		
			JM1C6B	TRUE			Sure. Go ahead. Look yourself a feast, my Lady. I've little else to give you.	JM1C71				
			JM1C6C	TRUE			In memory of Deyanira, I  abide with you a short while, fair Jaciel. Then I must go.	JM1C71				
	JM1C71	Ahhh. So faint a candle is the mortal's light. Faint, and it flickers so! But indeed this faint light of mortals might light up the sky. O, but I shall remember thee. And see thee again before the end. Farewell.	JM1C7A	TRUE			Good. But. Well. I don't know what to say. And haven't the grace to say nothing. So it's just goodbye, then.	END	Teleport_0	&JacielFree		
