		Herne Oathkin					file MA6T.xls			Mastema Boxers Talk		
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	MA6A11	Well. If it isn't the manling master of war. Far from home, and all alone. Come to dance? Come to play? Come to sing? Come to paint the world red with your heart's blood? Or would you fight in the Arena with us?	MA6A1A	TRUE			Blah, blah, blah. If words could kill, I'd be digging my grave. Come on, goat-britches. Show me some action.	MA6A31				
	MA6A12	Manling. Mark me. For Egahirn, I will take your spirit. And better yet, in the Arena of Challenge. For his glory, and mine, I send your spirit into the dark.	MA6A1B	&Payem OR &Cess			Hey. Look at the amulet. Faydra and I have come to an accommodation. So let's let bygones be bygones,  and get on with serving her will, and our own welfares.	MA6A21				
			MA6A1C	&Payem OR &Cess			This amulet says keep your hands off. Is that clear? And stay out of my way, or what happened to Egahirn could happen to you.	MA6A41				
	MA6A21	So you say. But such amulets are easy to come by. Would you prove your loyalty to Faydra? Then mark this Clannfear on the floor of the Arena. Take his WarAxe of Profane Vitality as your prize, if you can. Then talk to me of common interests and actions.	MA6A2A	TRUE			And all I have to do is pin this Clannfear's ears back? They ARE ears, aren't they? Nuts. My little sister could take him. So. If I slap him silly and take his stuff, we're the fastest of friends?	MA6A51				
	MA6A31	No, manling. Not in the arena. You'll not provoke me into lawless riot here. But outside the Arena, watch your delicate skin.	MA6A3A	TRUE			Oh. I can't provoke you, eh? We'll see about that.	END		&HerneMad		
	MA6A41	Silly manling! Amulet means NOTHING! You TRESPASS upon the Lord's land, and show no token of his pleasure. Perhaps he will be pleased with your SKIN!	MA6A4A	TRUE			Say. You wouldn't have a drink of water handy? 'Cause this skinning Clannfear is thirsty work.	END	MonsterAttack	&HerneMad		
	MA6A51	As close as Oathbrothers, manling. Friends forever and ever and ever.	MA6A5A	TRUE			Won't that be cozy. Okay. Let me at 'im. And watch my back, comrade. I don't like the look of that crowd.	END		&HerneFite		
												
	MA6A61	Well, manling. Very impressive. You dazzle me with your footwork. And your swift changes of allegiance.	MA6A6A	TRUE			Ah. Well. You haven't seen anything yet.	END	MonsterAttack	&HerneMad		
			MA6A6B	&WarAxe			I told you. A piece of cake. He never knew what hit him. So. What now? Want to go clean up the rest of these reptiles?	MA6A71				
			MA6A6C	&Dagger			Look. An honest mistake. It's dark in here. He started it. I've got this old inner ear problem, spoils my balance sometimes, get confused. Accident. Didn't mean to hurt him. I just -- well -- you know -- slipped. And they cast a spell on me, yeh. That's it. A spell. Couldn't help myself.	MA6A81				
	MA6A71	Perhaps for a while our paths may intertwine, manling. Don't think I'll forget about Egahirn. But there's plenty of time for that accounting. For now, let's see to those capering, lisping green reptiles, shall we?	MA6A7A	TRUE			After you, my dear.	END	PCTeam			
	MA6A81	I understand. An accident. They happen all the time. In fact, I think a very serious accident is about to happen right here.	MA6A8A	TRUE			Oh. You too, eh? Got a touch of the old sight, right? See the future coming, eh? Did you see -- LOOK OUT! BEHIND YOU! HE'S GOT AN AXE. Ha-ha. Worth a try.	END	MonsterAttack	&HerneMad		

	MA6A91	Lady Faydra is gone. I no longer feel the thrill of her in my heart. No, it couldn't be that YOU had anything to do with that, could it, manling?	MA6A9A	TRUE			Hoh. Sure. It was me. I just tossed her Ladyship where the stars don't shine. And good riddance. Mean old witch.	END	MonsterAttack	&HerneMad		
			MA6A9B	TRUE			Sorry to disappoint you, but I don't carry that sort of muscle. And losing her Ladyship kicked some ants into my dinner, too, big boy. We had some plans cooking. So. I was thinking of waltzing over and putting a hurt on Xivilai and his bunch. You up for that?	01-50: MA6A01 51-00: MA6B11				
	MA6A01	Maybe you did Faydra, and maybe you didn't. Doesn't matter to me, now. It's just us, and our personal matters. And time to settle up for what you did to my Oathkin, Egahirn. 	MA6A0A	TRUE			That's old history. But I can see it bothers you. Okay. Let's take care of unfinished business.	END	MonsterAttack	&HerneMad		
	MA6B11	Things are a little confused right now, manling. I think I'll sit this one out, see which way the wind blows. So perhaps a temporary truce is in order. You play nice, and I'll play nice. And later, when things settle down, come see me, and we'll have a nice little chat.	MA6B1A	TRUE			Can't promise anything. But I am feeling a little tuckered  out from bursting torsos and ripping off arms. So let's both take a little breather.	END	PCTeam			
												
												
	MA6B21	[[His eyes glow with fury, but he says not a word.]]	MA6B2A	TRUE				END				
	MA6B31	[[He sizes you up as he ignores your offer to parlay.]]	MA6B3A	TRUE				END				
	MA6B41	[[He gazes at you indifferently, and keeps his own counsel.]]	MA6B4A	TRUE				END				

	MA6B61	Goodness. What have we here? An ape? A battlemage in donkeyform? An animated manikin for our sport? Now, if it were a manling, then we would have to leave it be, for such are my Lady's orders. But surely, it cannot be the manling, so we may use it for our jests.	MA6B6A	TRUE			Seriously? You don't recognize me? Oh. I see. If that's the way you want to play, it suits me fine.	END	MonsterAttack	&HerneMad		
