		Mehrunes Dagon					file ZZ1T.xls					
	Saycode	NPC SAY	Replycode	CHECK1	CHECK2	CHECK3	PC REPLY	GoTo	DO THIS ACTION	SET1	SET2	SET3
	ZZ1A11	At last. I trust I find you in good health? I had wondered at your delay. 	ZZ1A1A	&Armor			I am well, Lord Dagon, thank you, though I can't say the same for your retainers who bid me welcome.	ZZ1A21				
			ZZ1A1B	&NotArmor			I'm very well, Lord Dagon. Very well indeed. More or less.	ZZ1A31				
			ZZ1A1C	&ServeDagon			Yes. Well. A chat I had with one of your most loyal retainers, the Dark Seducer, gave me some thoughts worthy of long consideration. She gave me to think that you might be willing to grant myself and my companion our lives in return for our placing ourselves in your service.	ZZ1A01				
	ZZ1A21	Congratulations. Your Armor of the Savior's Hide protects you from the magical forces that paralyze your friend. You are well-prepared – which is exactly according to plan. Some important and valuable artifacts have long eluded my grasp, and now you thoughtfully bring them to me.	ZZ1A2A	TRUE			I see you are well informed by your spies, the Seducers – which is exactly according to MY plan. Certainly now you think you know everything, and become careless, complacent, and overconfident.	ZZ1A41				
	ZZ1A31	I hope that you are not too much discomforted by the magical forces I have used to protect your friend from pointless struggle. In fact, I fear that these forces may render you helpless in moments. Pardon me, but in making your resistance impossible, I have only your own welfare at heart.	ZZ1A3A	TRUE			You're so thoughtful. Excuse me for moment while I protect myself from your thoughtful hospitality.	END		&DagonNoTalk		
	ZZ1A41	Come now. Surely a Daedra Prince can fear no harm from a humble creature like yourself.	ZZ1A4A	TRUE			See? Careless, complacent, and overconfident, as I said. Just suppose that this humble creature knows the secret of your PROTONYMIC? As in the sorcerous abjuration: I banish you, Mehrunes Dagon, Lehkelogah, to the Wells of Oblivion? How do you like them apples?	ZZ1A51				
	ZZ1A51	WELL! I must say, I am impressed. Bravo! You are a promising student. However, I am afraid I must inform you that without my neonymic, the protonymic will do you no good. Har-har-har.	ZZ1A5A	TRUE			Oh, dear! What a silly ass I am. Surely now you’ll blast me to powder because I lack your neonymic. Nuts. But. You know?  I’m feeling lucky today. So lucky that I bet I can  just GUESS your neonymic. Let’s see. How about? Djehkeleho-dehbe-effehezepe? Just a wild guess, but. Let's give it a whirl! How about: I banish you, Mehrunes Dagon, Lehkelogah, Djehkeleho-dehbe-effehezepe, to the Wells of Oblivion. 	ZZ1A61				
	ZZ1A61	WHAT?! Why, you arrogant little bug. You think you can suck the power from me and cast me into Oblivion. Well, it is not so simple as that. So long as my power is anchored to this world, I can resist the outflow of my magica. If not forever, then certainly long enough to blast you and your incantation into component syllables. And consider, fool. No mortal weapon ever forged has the power to sever my anchor to this realm.	ZZ1A6A	&Reiver			Of course. How could I be so silly to have come all this way without a weapon to sever your ties to this realm? Only a weapon forged from your own substance could ever harm you. But. Wait. Look what I have here. The Broadsword of the Moon Reiver, personally forged from your own essence for your bodyguard and paramour the Dark Seducer, who so lately has fallen in combat. Is it too much to hope that THIS weapon is the VERY WEAPON I NEED?	ZZ1A81				
			ZZ1A6B	&NotReiver			Oh. So. I need a special weapon, or I'm doomed. That's bad.	ZZ1A71				
	ZZ1A71	Just so. Doomed. So please accept my hospitality. I have prepared accommodations for you. Modest, sparse, but exceedingly secure. Now you are mine. COME, MY MINIONS! Seize him, and take him away.	ZZ1A7A	TRUE			Nuts.	END	ENDFRAME_1057			
	ZZ1A81	A THOUSAND CURSES! You are right, mortal. I have been a fool. Mistakes have been made. But no more. You will die now. Before more mistakes are made.	ZZ1A8A	TRUE			I can see I’ve pushed you too far. I just need a few moments of respite from your terrible power. Can no one help me? Will no one protect me for just the few instants necessary to strike the crucial blow? Shucks. If only I knew how to get in touch with my old friend and ally, who owes me a favor… JACIEL MORGEN! JACIEL! BY YOUR GENEROUS OATH, I SUMMON YOU! COME NOW! THIS IS A REALLY, REALLY, REALLY GOOD TIME!	END	DialogLink_13			
	ZZ1A91	[[Dagon watches you smugly but says nothing.]]	ZZ1A9A	TRUE				END				
	ZZ1A01	Indeed. I would far rather preserve the excellent virtues of yourself and your companion, particularly in my service, but most urgently because I am moved by your valor and wit, and your loyalty to your friend. Such are the traits of the most cherished of retainers.	ZZ1A0A	&PCFemale			Well, then, I so swear, on own honor, and upon the honor of my companion, who is at present unable to speak on his own behalf, to serve you, Lord Dagon, and enjoy the protection of your service, in return for your assurance of the preservation of our lives and in consideration of the favor you show us for ceasing our attacks upon your person, property, and retainers.	ZZ1B11				
			ZZ1A0B	&PCMale			Well, then, I so swear, upon my honor, and upon the honor of my companion, who is at present unable to speak on her own behalf, to serve you, Lord Dagon, and enjoy the protection of your service, in return for your assurance of the preservation of our lives, and in consideration of the favor you show us for ceasing our attacks upon your person, property, and retainers.	ZZ1B11				
	ZZ1B11	Well spoken, mortal. You have the soul of an advocate. I do so accept your homage, and the homage of your companion, and upon your terms as stated. I bid you welcome, and a long and educational life in my service.	ZZ1B1A	TRUE			Educational? I don't much like the sound of that.	END	ENDFRAME_1057
