8/18	ken	When two monsters die in same spot, treasure
		bags overlap, and block access to one of two
		bags. Vital inventory can be lost that way.
		Fix? 1. Reposition monster markers in maps
		to spread them more widely. 2. Place monsters
		with critical inventory in isolated terrains.
		3. Julian clever idea.

8/20	TOSH	Install locked after files were copied when I
		agreed to configure my sound next.  A portion
		of the opening sound config screen appeared and
		then the PC froze.  Running setsound after a
		reboot worked fine.

8/23	ken	Forgets sound level when restoring a game, even though
		it recalls the length of the Sound Level red bar graphic.
		[Plays TOO LOUD!]

8/23	ken	Correct stats for Egahirn, Mastema, and Clannfear still
		not entered into game code [by ken; did you do this, Julian,
		from my hard copy?]. Need also to check Daedra Lord and
		Daedra Count stats.

8/23	ken	STOP changing all objects with book file index into scrolls.
		[Now book and corpse objects with this structure are
		displaying as scrolls.] Change structure if necessary.

8/11	ken	wraparound graphics in inventory

8/21	TOSH	Neither the PageUp/PageDown keys (control panel) nor the
		Ins/Del keys (manual) work at all to allow you to look up/down.

8/21	JJS	When picking a race, the description of the races do not
		appear in the scroll at the bottom of the screen.

8/22	RS	Selecting OKAY more than once in char gen/equipment gives
		free additional items.

9/11/97	JW	While manipulating my inventory (right side - sack), the
		sack showed up not only in the top of the column but also
		among the items.  When I tried to move the sack back to
		the top, the game locked up.

9/11/97	AMA	While generating a character on my AMD system, I left the
		system sitting on the first screen where you pick your skills.
		After about ten minutes, the screen started flashing and
		displayed the middle of the screen in an interesting pattern.
		The mouse was totally locked up.  Keyboard commands didn't
		work, except escape.  Got the blue WIN error screen with
		the error in "VSD VMOUSE"

9/10	ken	Highlights on modified skill names and scores in PC Sheet
		[F9] are STILL cocked up. Mark says he can't find anything
		wrong at his end. So it's YOU, Julian.

9/10	ken	L5: Crash on long idle when in the water, swimming or in boat.

9/11	KEN	Spells that may be cast from a readied item [in hand or worn]
		should be added to the spell casting list for easy casting.
		Permits user to assign hot keys to these spells. Otherwise,
		the hassle of the interface makes using magic items no fun
		and not effective.

9/12	ken	L5: Boat disappears from game. PC stands in boat in saved game.
		On restore saved game, no boat.

9/12	ken	L2: Crash while moving through room near Sumeer.
		0e 0004; EIP 83410b4F; adr.tx = 833d6010.

8/7	Marvin	World jitters badly in certain places ( see me for demo )

8/11	ken	wraparound graphics in inventory

8/12	ken	In general, click, and double-click are not as responsive
		as they should be. Often click, then click again in inventory,
		save and load, and all other interface areas.

8/26	Body slams heavily saturates network because body slam operation is
	performed many times when doing one slam.  This is starting on line 350
	of movement.c...  To test, start up a multiplayer level (but play by
	yourself).  Choose level 3 to play on.  Start game.  Go up to any monster,
	and body slam it.  Network games will report body slams via a GameMessage
	call... you'll be bombarded by them.  Each one sends out a critical
	message that all networked computers must respond to.  This can destroy
	network integrity.  Suggestion: After a successful body slam, move
	userObject backwards opposite movement vector a few units to break
	contact with victim object.

8/27	Need astar information on the 4 deathmatch levels.  They are called l9
	through l12... also need to fix redbook playback routine so that l9
	through l12 plays back music for l1 thru l4.

9/4	PlaceMonsterNearUser call creates a brand new monster. Needs to be so that
	it actually summons a monster (moves an existing monster to a new position)
	instead of creating a new one, which is bad for networking.

